# DashApplication
Dash Application made for CS340 class at SNHU

## How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
To write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable, I ensure that my code follows industry coding standards, commented clearly and concisely, and refactored/modularized when needed. Specifically in the CRUD Python module, I ensured to create separate methods for CRUD functionalities and commented to understand what I wrote. Additionally, when this module was imported into the dashboard module, it made it easy to display all the data in the dashboard widgets with those functionalities. The advantage of having a separate CRUD module is that I can use it for any project I import it into. I could use this module for another project using MongoDB and would just need to update the database information that it is collecting data from, making it reusable for something else.

## How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
As a computer scientist, I approach a problem by understanding all the facts of the problem and knowing what needs to be solved. Specifically for this project, I had to understand what Grazioso Salvare wanted for their dashboard and know how to integrate MongoDB to save their data and integrate it into their website. This project was different from other projects I had in the past because I used to have to just print it out to the console. However, for this, I had to think about how to read data in the backend (files saved to the database and CRUD module functionalities) and how to display that data on the frontend (the dashboard website landing page). For the future, I would like to use a cloud database so I do not have to hold data and rely on my equipment but just rely on the cloud as the data grows. This would make it faster and more reliable for data to be manipulated as the data grows since it would based on the cloud rather than locally. Having it locally can be very limiting and data can become unreliable if my server is down. On a cloud, it has many redundancies to mitigate that type of error and will make it more reliable for clients to always have access to their data when needed.

## What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists solve problems related to cyberspace. This matters because, in an ever-evolving world of technology, companies like Grazioso Salvare need to grow with the world. For this type of project, my work will make their data accessible to more people in the world of the internet. The data accessed from the database can make it easier for users to find the data they need and filter out what they don't want to see. Additionally, visual graphics make it easier for the user to conceptualize what they are looking at.
